Fn phish tank (#37)
ibmresilient/resilient-community-apps: fn_phish_tank/README.md

# PhishTank Function for IBM Resilient  
  
## Table of Contents    
- [About This Package](#about-this-package)  
 - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)  
 - [Installation](#installation)  
 - [Function Inputs](#function-inputs)  
 - [Function Output](#function-output)  
 - [Pre-Process Script](#pre-process-script)  
 - [Post-Process Script](#post-process-script)  
 - [Rules](#rules)  
 ---  
 ## About This Package  
 

> **This function checks URLs against [PhishTank](https://www.phishtank.com/) database to see URL is flagged as Phishing or not Phishing.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This function checks URLs against [PhishTank](https://www.phishtank.com/) database to see if the URL is flagged as Phishing or not Phishing.**
```

> * It can be called on :   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided in this Integration package is an example Rule configured to be ran against URL Artifacts in Resilient :   
```

   * URL Artifacts of Resilient   

  

> After successful completion of checking phishing status on given URL, updates the artifact description field with result status message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the successful scan of a given URL, the Artifact's description field is updated with the results.
```

![screenshot](screenshots/2.png)  
  
### PhishTank Pre-Process Script :
![screenshot](screenshots/3.png)  
  
### PhishTank Post-Process Script :
![screenshot](screenshots/4.png)

## Prerequisites
* Resilient Appliance >= v31.0.0  
* Integrations Server running resilient_circuits >= v30.0.0
* python-dateutil >= v2.8.0  
* requests >=  2.21.0

## Installation
This package requires that it is installed on a RHEL or CentOS platform and uses the resilient-circuits framework.  
* Download the `.zip` file from our App Exchange and extract it. You will find a file called: `fn_phish_tank-<version>.tar.gz`  
* Copy this file to your Integrations Server  
 * To install the package, run:     
 `pip install fn_phish_tank-<version>.tar.gz`  
 * To import the function, example rules,data tables and workflows into your Resilient	appliance, run:   
   `resilient-circuits customize -y -l fn-phish-tank`    
 * To uninstall IOC Parser Function from Resilient Run the following:    
    `pip uninstall fn_phish_tank`
    
## Resilient Configuration 

Run the following command to generate the PhishTank  configuration section in the app.config file:    
    
` resilient-circuits config [-u | -c]`   

> The following phish tank configuration data is added:    

Reviewer: Everywhere you mention "phish tank" can you replace with PhishTank

Author: ok
